Hello
The call you made is temporarily unanswered
Shirley, what are you up to?
Not coming home so late
Xu Kee
What are you doing here?
I'll bring you something.
Why is my wedding ring with you?
I found it under your desk two days ago
Don't touch my things in the future
Go back.
This is the first time I've come to your house.
Can't you just ask me out?
You're awake
Dr. Xu, why am I here?
You passed out last night.
Someone brought you to the hospital
I didn't come home all night
Yes, you should go through the hospitalization procedures now.
No, I have to hurry home and cook for Han Chuan
Hanchuan
I didn't mean to stay home last night
What does your matter have to do with me?